So it's finally time to
dive into the DragonBoard
where we will begin our setup for the
application that we're going to be making.
>> Yep, so, let's go ahead and
check it out.
>> It's time.
>> Yep, so over here we'll,
this is the first thing you will see
when you load up your Linux boot for
the first time.
And then what we're
going to do is go ahead and
go, make sure you connect to the Internet.
>> Good idea.
>> Yeah, so we're already there.
And then we'll go ahead, go down here into
System Tools and into the LX Terminal.
The first thing I like to do
when the terminal launches
is to increase the font size because
it tends to be too small for me.
Let's see, it's in the preferences.
Here we go.
Let's try, Let's see, 20.
Okay, all right, looking much better.
So, now that we have that-
>> Is that font big enough, you think?
>> Yeah, looks good.
>> That should be good.
>> Yeah.
>> I can mute it.
Fine.
All right.
So now we have the terminal set up.
We'll go ahead and
start by doing sudo apt get update.
This one will update all your
system files and everything because
it's not quite up to date with the latest-
>> Yeah,
we went through this a couple
times I think in course two.
So hopefully your board is up to date, but
I mean,
this is quite a while after course two.
You should be performing these updates,
upgrades every now and then.
>> Yeah, and don't forget,
we'll provide the slide with every single
command you'll need to set up your board.
And if you did forget how do set up
Linux on your board, go ahead and
check out course two module four,
where we talked about changing your OS.
>> It's almost done, right?
>> Yeah.
[LAUGH] And we'll go ahead and
probably fast forward
through these slow sections.
The next thing after the update finishes,
we'll do sudo apt get upgrade, Enter.
And then I'll just upgrade everything for
us, similar to update.
>> Go ahead and hit Y.
>> Yeah, hit Y,
make sure to let it do its thing.
So you can see it counting
the percentage there.
We're going to fast forward this again and
we'll get back to you when it's at 100%.
>> All right,
now that the sudo apt-get upgrade is done,
we'll go ahead and
install the necessary Python libraries.
Now it's going to be
a pretty huge command, but
you guys can find it on the slides or
just type it in one by one.
So here we go.
sudo apt get install,
first one is ipython, and
then we want python-opencv
because SimpleCV uses OpenCV.
Then we have python,
scipy python, let's see,
num, oops, numpy.
Then we have python pygame python
setuptools python pip and python dev.
Here we go.
And those should be all
the necessary Python tools.
Go ahead and hit yes, or Y for yes.
Enter, and we'll go ahead and wait for
it to finish installing, downloading,
and go ahead and fast forward this part.
And we'll meet you back when we
do the next set of commands.
All right, after the photo files.
>> Here you got all those libraries down,
yeah, so now it's time for Pillow.
>> We'll do sudo pip install Pillow.
And then this will use
the Python Python install tool
we just installed, or
got a while back a couple steps ago and
install the Pillow library that
we need to use the SimpleCV.
So I'll take a second
to install everything.
>> Perfect.
>> Okay, so
now that Pillow is installed we're
finally ready to get SimpleCV.
So we'll go ahead and do git clone
https://github.com/sightmachine/SimpleCV.-
git.
And this will clone the repository
that as the other simple
CV stuff that we'll need
to begin using the library.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah, so you just wait for
it to quickly download.
Okay, now that we have the SimpleCV
repository downloaded-
>> And Pillow and all that stuff.
>> And everything, yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> We'll go ahead and
cd into SimpleCV, the directory.
Right, we also need to do this
one last install, sudo pip
install svgwrite.
>> What's that do?
>> It's required for
the the SimpleCV libraries.
So, if you think you missed anything,
there's a, if you do a quick ls here,
there's a document that if
you cat requirements.txt.
So, there's all the python libraries
we'll need for the SimpleCV.
And instead of pill,
you'll need Pillow instead.
So, we did that for you.
>> All right.
>> All right, now, finally,
we'll do sudo python,
oops, setup py install.
And this will unpack everything
you'll need actually for the python.
So then,
with this you don't even have to have to
have the library in the same
directory as the python scripts.
You just need to use import SimpleCV and
then you're good to go.
>> That's awesome.
>> Yeah, we'll show you in more detail
how the hell it works in the next module,
because with that,
we're pretty much done here.
>> So you're ready to go pretty much
with all your libraries, so yeah,
I guess we'll see you in the next video.
>> Yeah, actually, but then there's one
more thing you could do if you really like
is if you like the IDLE 3.
>> Get a nice text editor?
>> Editor, yeah.
>> So you might already have IDLE 3,
we did that in course 3, but
if you don't,
then you might want to try and grab it.
>> Yeah, the simple command for
that would be sudo apt get install idle.
And there you go.
You got IDLE 3, a nice little editor.
Here, though, I'll probably be using vim,
which is just another text editor.
We'll mention that again in the next
module, so stay tuned for that.